what is it was it take for relationship
to really work a lot of a lot of work
really it's really all about just being
playful you know you just really gotta
gotta really have fun with it you know
it's it's really well it's really just
it's about doing little things you know
tap on Oh beautiful day Oh box inside
day's action figures box inside eggs
Hawks inside 8 ball pool engines Russian
side eggs
box box inside eggs my subside ok now
let's get it started with the man you
all know is another entity James video
jeez are you sure you know this guy yeah
babe yeah don't worry about you know I
know this guy he's a he's a cool guy you
know we're about toybiz he's won Oscar
yeah I don't know how do you know this
guy like I said you know I I worked with
this guy twib is up there he is you know
I wasn't really sure about this this
whole show and this guy come over the
never up for hey welcome to our lovely
home 1345 to smile partner foo partners
like like business partners or something
whoa like life partners obviously yeah I
know I know I'm just busting your towel
buddy we were really really kind of hit
it off oh all your friend your friend is
hilarious hang your friend is
hilarious thank you I am pleased to to
be in your lovely home yeah yeah you
know I think I'm gonna go a grab like a
board game or something you know maybe
like a pictionary or something a really
glad you guys or hit it off so slow John
robot huh oh hello giant alien dragon
house that my job just boss near tall
buddy here you're really funny guy yeah
thanks I really like you too buddy did
you up like a like you know like a like
a robot partner or something no sadly
this moment I do not but I am looking in
order to step out there you know single
I accept your offer
what what what what offer would I will
meet you in the bedroom damn a
one-minute hair where what what what
yeah um I don't think he'll be coming
back or I really really had no idea that
he was like that well well I am so sorry
I
yeah I don't think he fully understands
some stuff thinking maybe it's just a
foreign thing